The first half of life consists of the capacity to enjoy without the chance, the last half consists of the chance without the capacity. Mark Twain
While we are postponing, life speeds by. Seneca
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one. Galsworthy
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. Aristotle
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. William James "Will" Durant
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde
I am not young enough to know everything. Oscar Wilde
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain. Mark Twain
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. Aesop
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action. Herbert Spencer
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. Benjamin Franklin
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. Sir Winston Churchill
Abortion is advocated only by persons who have themselves been born. Ronald Reagan
Own only what you can carry with you; know language, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag. Alexander Solzhenitsyn
The very first law in advertising is to avoid the concrete promise and cultivate the delightfully vague. Bill Cosby
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you anywhere. Albert Einstein
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do. Confucius
Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. George Orwell
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful. Yevgeny Yevtushenko
England and America are two countries separated by the same language. George Bernard Shaw
Adults are just outdated children. Dr. Seuss
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education. Franklin D. Roosevelt
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Edmund Burke
Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones. Edmund Burke
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny. Edmund Burke
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint. Edmund Burke
Politics, it seems to me, for years, or all too long, has been concerned with right or left instead of right or wrong. Richard Armour
It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen. Aristotle
The only stable state is the one in which all men are equal before the law. Aristotle
Every nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists. George W. Bush
I've heard the call. I believe God wants me to run for President. George W. Bush
